Bug 1943050 - new `userScripts` API content (#38073)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/userscripts/registereduserscript/index.md

{{AddonSidebar}}

> An object representing registered user scripts.

Author: Done

## Type

Values of this type are an object containing these properties:

- `allFrames` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `boolean`. If `allFrames` is `true`, the script is injected into all of a page's frames. By default, it's `false` and the script is only injected into the top frame.

> - `id` {{optional_inline}} for {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.update()")}} calls, required for {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.register()")}}

Reviewer: ID is always required.

Author: Updated

- `matches` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `array` of `string`. [Match patterns](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Match_patterns) for the pages to run the script in. `matches` or `includeGlobs` must be specified in {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.register()")}} calls.
- `excludeMatches` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `array` of `string`. [Match patterns](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Match_patterns) for pages that the script must not be run in.
- `includeGlobs` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `string`. Glob patterns for the pages to run the script in. `matches` or `includeGlobs` must be specified {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.register()")}} calls.
- `excludeGlobs` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `string`. Glob patterns for pages that the script must not be run in.
- `runAt` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("extensionTypes.RunAt")}}. The earliest the script is injected into a tab. Defaults to "document_idle".
- `world` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.ExecutionWorld")}}. The execution environment to use to run the scripts. Defaults to "USER_SCRIPT".
- `worldId` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : `string`. ID of a user script world execute the script in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is execute in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters.

Reviewer: Refer to `configureWorld` for ease of discovery of what world configurations are.

Author: @Rob--W don't follow this feedback. Isn't the main reference for worlds on the API's root page. Or did you mean a reference to 'getWorldConfigurations'?

Author: @Rob--W can you offer any clarification?

Reviewer: In the userScripts API, there is the concept of a RegisteredUserScript (defined here) and the concept of a world configuration (typed in `WorldProperties`). The link between them is the `worldId` (or if absent - the default worldId, i.e. the empty string). This is currently not obvious anywhere, hence my request to describe it.

Here is an example of what I mean. Feel free to rephrase as needed (I am currently just pointing to `configureWorld`, I'm not sure if I should somehow include `WorldProperties` for clarity).

```suggestion
  - : `string`. ID of a user script world execute the script in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is execute in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters. This `worldId` can be passed to {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.configureWorld")}} to configure the behavior of individual worlds.
```

Author: @Rob--W fixing grammar issues and rewording change for clarity
```suggestion
  - : `string`. ID of a user script world the script executes in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is executed in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters.  Pass this `worldId` to {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.configureWorld")}} to configure the behavior of a world.
```

Author: @Rob--W any comments on the final change for this comment before I merge?

>   - : `string`. ID of a user script world the script executes in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is executed in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters. Pass this `worldId` to {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.configureWorld")}} to configure the behavior of a world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `string`. ID of a user script world the script executes in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is executed in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters. Worlds may be shared between different scripts. If desired, pass this `worldId` to {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.configureWorld")}} to configure the behavior of the world before the first script execution in that world.
```

Small tweaks. And "a world" -> "the world" since we are describing a specific world.

Also added "If desired," to clarify that configureWorld is optional.

Author: @Rob--W could I suggest this:
```suggestion
  - : `string`. ID of a user script world the script executes in. Only valid if `world` is `USER_SCRIPT` or omitted. If `worldId` is omitted, the script is executed in the default `USER_SCRIPT` world (""). Values with leading underscores (`_`) are reserved. The maximum length is 256 characters. A world can be used by several scripts as their execution environment. To configure the behavior of a world, pass its `worldId` to {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts.configureWorld")}} before the first script executes in that world.
```
